How could this be?
Ok, I'll be right there
Sister, where are you going in a hurry?
I want you to keep the dog out of the way
Get out of the way I can get out of the way
But you can't come back when you leave.
What do you mean, look what this is
Company employees make trouble
This removes me from my position
See clearly
This is the signature of all the elders
Can't solve this in three days
The group is back in my hands
What do I say?
What have you been doing these days?
It turned out to be a mess
A few employees make trouble
Not three days
I can solve it in a day.
You are playing house as a child
I see how you solve it in a day.
Luo Xunmei, do you know?
In fact, what you've always wanted
It's nothing to me at all
If it weren't for my wrong last name
Rockwell Group
Not interested at all